✨ Add support for custom env file in configuration (#12)
AckeeCZ/configuru-extension: README.md

If your `config.ts` file contains a hidden variable that is not an empty string or is not prefixed and suffixed with double underscores in `.env.jsonc`, the extension will underline it as a warning.
![Example](./resources/unsafe_default_value_for_hidden_secret_warning.jpeg)

### Specifying your env file

> If your file with config has different name than `env.jsonc`, you can specify its name in the vscode settings.json.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your config file has a different name than `env.jsonc`, or is located in a different path than the root directory, you can specify its name and relative path in the VSCode settings.json
```

Reviewer: Can you also test for different folders? 🙂 Would be nice to check if this works for windows users as well.

Author: thanks for review - i tested the feature for different folders and changed the filepath joining to use built in vscode method that should work everywhere :)
